Hello.
I’m happy to invite you to a special event
that will be attended by millions of people.
It’s the anniversary of Jesus’ death.
This invitation shows the time
and location of the event in our area.
We also invite you
to a special talk the weekend before.
Thanks.
Hmm.
The meetings are free?
Yes.
May I show you
this minute-and-a-half video
that explains
the significance of this meeting?
Sure.
Imagine a world filled with peace,
free of suffering,
an abundance of food for all,
and life in perfect health.
But how can this beautiful future
be possible?
Because of what Jesus did for us.
He came to earth for a purpose.
He gave his life for those he loved.
The night before he died,
Jesus asked
that we commemorate his sacrifice.
He said:
“Keep doing this in remembrance of me.”
On the anniversary of his death,
people around the world
will gather to remember him.
Jehovah’s Witnesses
invite you and your family
to attend the Memorial of Jesus’ death.
At that meeting, you will find out
why his sacrifice was so important
and how his promises affect you.
To learn more about what the Bible says
on this and many other topics,
go to jw.org.
I hope you can come.
Thanks.
I need to check with my family,
but maybe you’ll see me there.
My name is Ed.
I’m Pete.
Perhaps the next time we talk,
I can show you what the Bible says
about why Jesus died.
Is this normally a good time for you?